Add Contributing doc and release template (#296)
Parsely/wp-parsely: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-template.md

---
name: Release template
about: Internally used for new releases
title: Release x.y.z
labels: 'Type: Maintenance'

> assignees: jblz, GaryJones, mikeyarce, hbbtstar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Bummer that assignees can be a group.  I'd probably leave it out so we don't have to change this to add / rm people

---

:warning: DO NOT MERGE (YET) :warning:

> [Remaining work for this Milestone]``(https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/milestone/14)

Reviewer: Did those backticks sneak in or do they serve a purpose?

```suggestion
[Remaining work for this Milestone](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/milestone/MILESTONE_ID_HERE)
```

Author: I blame my cat.
